{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh11060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Vroom Data Engineering Challenge Summary\

\i\b0\fs24 David Hey\

\fs28 \

\i0\fs24 There were a few issues I ran into along the way. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}It does not seem that \'93condition\'94 and \'93zip\'94 parameters needed for the certified used price estimate were available from the VIN Decoding API response. I therefore ended up using static, arbitrary values for these two parameters (condition  = clean, and zip = 90019), but provided the rest of the parameters from the actual data found via the API or provided when the script was ran. To get accurate measurements I would want to get actual condition and zip code data for these VIN\'92s (perhaps via another source)\
{\listtext	2.	}Initially, I had condition = average and zip = 27514, however I found this was giving me an estimate value of 0.0 for the certified used price. This issue was resolved when I changed the zip and condition values to clean and 90019 respectively.\
{\listtext	3.	}When pulling data from the API with the CSV file provided, it appears that there was no data found for 5 of the VINs provided. I added error checking based on the HTTP response codes to ensure that the script would handle these responses gracefully, and proceed to the next line. Provided more time, I would do further investigation into why these VINs were not found, perhaps there was a small typo when the data was entered.\
{\listtext	4.	}It is not so much an issue as it is a limitation, but at this point the script assumes that the CSV file is in the same directory as the python script. If we were to run the job with CRON, I would want to clean up the way that the CSV is read.\
{\listtext	5.	}I was not 100% sure which field body type was, so I decided to use the sub model body field (i.e. \'93Sedan\'94) as it seemed the most descriptive (better than \'93car\'94, which was the primary body type field within categories). Generally, I would work with a stakeholder to ensure the data I am pulling is appropriate.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
All that being said, the script can be run in one of two ways:\
\

\i Option 1 - VIN and Mileage:
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 python vroom_sql.py --vim 4T1BK1EB6DU056165 --mileage 120000\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Option 2 - a CSV File:
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 python vroom_sql.py --csv vroom-inventory.csv\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Help is available by using -h or --help:
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 python vroom_sql.py -h\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 The database itself is very straightforward, with only one table (\'93edmunds\'94), and can be found in \'93vroom.db\'94.}